Updates for um41 again (#101)
Ultramarine-Linux/wiki: src/content/docs/en/setup/getting.mdx

  sites other than our website or FOSSTorrents
</Alert>

### Bootc Preview

With Ultramarine 41 we are now providing a developer preview of our bootc variant. Ultramarine bootc is based on Fedora bootc, but we intend to switch to our own base container (based on Fedora packages) in the future.

> Bootc. We see this as the future of Linux systems. Ideally, this will become our standard edition in the future.

Reviewer: > Bootc. We see this as the future of Linux systems. Ideally, this will become our standard edition in the future.

…? This sounds extremely funny in my head www

Author: @nothingneko this does sound weird, can you reword this?

Reviewer 2: cut the line

> These builds are not ready for daily use by the average user. If you are planning to test them, please join our [Discord](https://fyralabs.com/discord) or [Matrix](https://fyralabs.com/matrix) community and keep us posted on any bugs you find, from a papercut to a broken system.

Reviewer: DRY, please link to community page instead

Reviewer 2: these are leftovers from before the community page, good catch
```suggestion
These builds are not ready for daily use by the average user. If you plan to test them, join our [community](/en/community/community) and keep us posted on any bugs you find, from a small papercut to a broken system.

```

> [Try Ultramarine bootc →](todo)

Reviewer: fix your todo

Reviewer 2: link to bootc repo, i will add install instructions to the readme, currently the only way to install is either rebasing from ublue (not fedora atomic yet) or deploying to the disk manually

We previously offered OSTree based builds of Ultramarine Atomic, these are no longer maintained.

### Raw Images and Raspberry Pi

Ultramarine is also availible as a raw (or preinstalled) image. These images come with a desktop preinstalled and are intended to be flashed directly to the drive your device will boot from (like an SSD or an SD card.)

> These can be found in the [Raw Image](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/41/) sections of the download page.

Reviewer: maybe just use `https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/` to avoid updating this every single release?

Reviewer 2: good idea 
```suggestion
These can be found in the [Raw Image](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine) sections of the download page.

```

These can be found in the [Raw Image](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/40/) sections of the download page.
These can be found in the [Raw Image](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/41/) sections of the download page.

<Alert type="info">
  If you're using a Raspberry Pi 4, you can skip these steps and use Raspberry
  Pi Imager! Either insert an empty microSD and press shfit at startup, or use
  it on another device.
</Alert>

{/* ### Chromebook Edition */}

{/* Ultramarine is available for most x86 ChromeOS devices. See the [Chromebook Edition section](/en/chromebook/chromebook) for more information. */}

{/* ### Kanopy */}

{/* **Ultramarine Kanopy** is an upcoming variant of Ultramarine Linux, which is made for servers and cloud computing. It is currently in development and does not have a release date yet, but we plan to target Qx '2x */}
{/* It will be based on Ultramarine OSTree and is designed as a simple and easy-to-use server operating system, with a focus on containerized applications with a simple, easy-to-use web interface as a competitor to TrueNAS SCALE, OpenMediaVault, and other similar operating systems. */}

> 

Reviewer: is this included somewhere else?

Reviewer 2: no, we didn't publish any of these, think we left them for the future

Reviewer: so… no more kanopy? discontinued?

Reviewer 2: cappy question
